OSDOCS-17366: Corrected additional items for ROSA Learning. (#102917)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/learning-deploying-application-s2i-deployments-retrieving-login.adoc

+
. Log in to the CLI by running the copied command in your terminal.
+
*For example*:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login --token=RYhFlXXXXXXXXXXXX --server=https://api.osd4-demo.abc1.p1.openshiftapps.com:6443
----
+
*For example*:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> Logged into "https://api.myrosacluster.abcd.p1.openshiftapps.com:6443" as "rosa-user" using the token provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logged in to "https://api.myrosacluster.abcd.p1.openshiftapps.com:6443" as "rosa-user" using the token provided.
```
